.Id $Id: INSTALL.man,v 1.5 2006/08/25 02:08:15 tvoverbe Exp $
.TH INSTALL 7 "August 24, 2006" "EasyCalc" "EasyCalc Documentation"
.SH NAME
EasyCalc \- Scientific calculator for Palm's
.SH REQUIREMENTS
Palm or PalmPilot with at least PalmOS 2.0 and about 110K-264K of free memory,
plus 50K for MathLib.
.SH INSTALLATION
Install MathLib.prc (if needed, see below) and one of the 'calc_*.prc' files using
HotSync or your favorite installer program.
These 'calc_*.prc' files are all versions of one program.
.LP
calc_small.prc is a minimal version (110K, English only) without graphs and special
functions and in low resolution (160 x 160) only. This version is intended for
the older Palm devices with limited memory.
.LP
The other calc_xx.prc files (264K) are various language versions of the full program
with Sony and Palm hires support and DIA (Dynamic Input Area) support for Palm, Sony
and Handera devices. The following language versions are available: English, German, Spanish,
Czech (2 encodings), Portuguese, French, Italian, Russian (2 encodings) and Japanese.
.LP
On the Handspring Visor and the newer Palm handhelds/smart phones (T5, LifeDrive,
TX, Treo 650, Treo 700p, ...) MathLib is already installed in the ROM. If you did
install it into RAM on one of these devices, you can delete it and free up some
memory. EasyCalc will warn you if it cannot find MathLib.
.LP
I am neither the author nor the maintainer of MathLib, so if you have questions about
this library, look at
.PD 0
.LP
http://www.radiks.net/~rhuebner/mathlib.html .
.PD
.SH BUGS
Due to floating point implementation in computers you will probably
experience some differences when adding/subtracting a small number to/from a
large one (e.g. 1.0 - 1.0E-15). This is inherent to the use of floating point,
you will have to get used to it..

.SH AUTHOR
Ondrej Palkovsky <ondrap@penguin.cz> with contributions from many others.
Many thanks to all these people. See the 'Thanks to...' menu item in the program.
.PD
.LP
Also thanks to all the people who sent suggestions and corrections to the tutorial.
.SH LICENSE
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify        
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA
